sources.md, before:

# Sources and Citations

## Advent of Code

Day 5, 2022: https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/5

## Grothendiek

Alexandre Grothendieck: 1928–2014
Michael Artin, Allyn Jackson, David Mumford, and John Tate, Coordinating Editors
https://www.ams.org/publications/journals/notices/201603/rnoti-p242.pdf

Who Is Alexander Grothendieck?
Winfried Scharlau
https://www.ams.org/notices/200808/tx080800930p.pdf

How Grothendieck Simplified Algebraic Geometry
Colin McLarty
https://www.ams.org/publications/journals/notices/201603/rnoti-p256.pdf

The Anarchist Abstractionist
Jørgen Veisdal
https://www.privatdozent.co/p/the-anarchist-abstractionist-who-995

Can One Explain Schemes to Bilogists?
David Mumford
https://www.dam.brown.edu/people/mumford/blog/2014/Grothendieck.html

The Rising Sea: Grothendieck on simplicity and generality
Colin McLarty
https://www.landsburg.com/grothendieck/mclarty1.pdf

German -> English Translation of Grothendiek's Note,
/u/EB3031: https://www.reddit.com/r/German/comments/3gt5rn/translate_a_math_letter/
/u/pouncerwashere: https://www.reddit.com/r/math/comments/34t7m1/grothendiecks_original_statement_and_artwork_for/cqxy2gd/

## Images
Pictures of Grothendiek from "The Anarchist Abstractionist", linked above.

Picture of Serre from Twitter:
https://twitter.com/claudinemonteil/status/909010764131954688

Picture of Grothendieck's note from wikipedia:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grothendieck%E2%80%93Riemann%E2%80%93Roch_theorem

Picture of danylion tea from:
https://egertronpuck.weebly.com/from-a-crypto-artist/the-dandy-lion-make-a-wish

Commit message:

Add course in arithmetic comments.

sources.md, after:

# Sources and Citations

## Advent of Code

Day 5, 2022: https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/5

## Grothendiek

Alexandre Grothendieck: 1928–2014
Michael Artin, Allyn Jackson, David Mumford, and John Tate, Coordinating Editors
https://www.ams.org/publications/journals/notices/201603/rnoti-p242.pdf

Who Is Alexander Grothendieck?
Winfried Scharlau
https://www.ams.org/notices/200808/tx080800930p.pdf

How Grothendieck Simplified Algebraic Geometry
Colin McLarty
https://www.ams.org/publications/journals/notices/201603/rnoti-p256.pdf

The Anarchist Abstractionist
Jørgen Veisdal
https://www.privatdozent.co/p/the-anarchist-abstractionist-who-995

Can One Explain Schemes to Bilogists?
David Mumford
https://www.dam.brown.edu/people/mumford/blog/2014/Grothendieck.html

The Rising Sea: Grothendieck on simplicity and generality
Colin McLarty
https://www.landsburg.com/grothendieck/mclarty1.pdf

German -> English Translation of Grothendiek's Note,
/u/EB3031: https://www.reddit.com/r/German/comments/3gt5rn/translate_a_math_letter/
/u/pouncerwashere: https://www.reddit.com/r/math/comments/34t7m1/grothendiecks_original_statement_and_artwork_for/cqxy2gd/

## Serre
Notices of the AMS: Jordan Ellenberg Interview
https://www.ams.org/publications/journals/notices/201606/rnoti-p645.pdf

## Images
Pictures of Grothendiek from "The Anarchist Abstractionist", linked above.

Picture of Serre, from Twitter:
https://twitter.com/claudinemonteil/status/909010764131954688

A course in Arithmetic, from ebay listing:
https://www.ebay.com/p/144461

Picture of Grothendieck's note from wikipedia:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grothendieck%E2%80%93Riemann%E2%80%93Roch_theorem

Picture of danylion tea from:
https://egertronpuck.weebly.com/from-a-crypto-artist/the-dandy-lion-make-a-wish
